Update and fixed  unclear sentence about Lucene in comparison_to_alternatives.md (#1165)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/what_is_meilisearch/comparison_to_alternatives.md

#### Lucene

> Java-based Apache Lucene is a free and open-source search library for indexing and searching full-text documents. It was created in 1999 by Doug Cutting, who had previously written search engines at Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center (PARC) and Apple. Lucene was developed to build web search applications such as Google and DuckDuckGo still uses it for some specific searches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Lucene is a free and open-source search library used for indexing and searching full-text documents. It was created in 1999 by Doug Cutting, who had previously written search engines at Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center (PARC) and Apple. Written in Java, Lucene was developed to build web search applications such as Google and DuckDuckGo, the last of which still uses it for some specific searches.
```
